Represent signature and principals in byteprefixed union representation (#7)
ucan-wg/ucan-ipld: README.md

}
```

## 2.1 Principal

Principals MUST use [bytesprefix](https://ipld.io/docs/schemas/using/authoring-guide/#bytesprefix-unions-for-bytes) representation of [DID](https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/)s. Primary [`did:key` method](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-key/) MUST use (more compact) key specific variant representation. Additional DID methods MAY use `DID` variant representation.

``` ipldsch
type Principal union {
  -- Specification defines principals in terms of did:key's (that are multicodec
  -- identifier for the public key type followed by the raw bytes of the key)
  -- we represent those as raw public key bytes prefixed with public key multiformat
  -- code.
  | Ed25519    "0xed"
  | RSA        "0x1205"
  | P256       "0x1200"
  | P384       "0x1201"

>   | P521       "0x1202"

Author: ```suggestion
  | P521       "0x1202"
  | Secp256k1 "0xe7"
  | X25519 "0xec"
```

## 2.5 Signature

> The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varsig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.

Author: ```suggestion
The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded as the _varsig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. _Varsig_ multiformat codes SHOULD be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Unregistered signature types MAY be added via the `NonStandardSignature` prefix.
```

As per https://github.com/ucan-wg/ucan-ipld/pull/7#discussion_r971295231

> The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varisig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.

Author: ```suggestion
The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varsig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.
```
```suggestion
The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varisig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.
```
```suggestion
The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varisig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.
```
```suggestion
The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varisig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.
```

> The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varisig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded as the _varisig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. _Varsig_ multiformat codes SHOULD be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Unregistered signature types MAY be added via the `NonStandardSignature` prefix.
```

> The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varisig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.

Author: ```suggestion
The signature MUST be computed by first encoding it as a [canonical JWT](#3-jwt-canonicalization), and then signed with the issuer's private key. Signatures MUST be encoded into a _varsig_ multiformat representation `<varint sig_alg_code><vairint sig_size><bytes sig_output>`. The _varsig_ multiformat codes are expected to be [registered multicodec codes](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec). Not registered signature types MAY be added under `NonStandardSignature`s.
```
